These are some planned near/far-Future projects, which might come after this game here (this game here is actually a Techdemo, not a full retail game, ahem) is done:

0) ZombiU Raytraced (nearly done)
1) Zelda: Breath of the Wild Re-Imagined (Zelda WiiU how it would have been released in ~2013, if it was made by Satoru Iwata originally like it was meant to be before the game shifted the engine) Support for Godray-Engine (Raytracing), Touchscreen-Inventory, maybe Online-play/Coop-mode (similar like Portal WiiU Edition), Camera, microphone and step-counter-support. And i might consider adding a support for the "Wii Balance Board" as well. The theory is that i could use UNITY to create this. But i haven´t started on this project yet and this is only a concept-art right now.
2) WiiU Videoplayer with Fullspeed-Execution (this means you have the Supercomputing-support of the WiiU for this player, like Satoru Iwata intended it to be and you can do lots of stuff which no other machine can do here, e.g. running 8k-video content or 4k content with ENCRYPTION like Wivedevine in SOFTWARE only) and support for many codecs in Software, such as mp4, mkv (Bluray), MPG2, MPG1, Xvid and many many other newer codecs such as VP9, VP8, and apple-formats and so many others, so that you will never need any other videoplayer again because this player has no limits like others have because they are hardware-based). I have allready begun working on concepts and realization of this btw.
3) Video-Converter/Audio-Converter-Tool based on ffmpeg. It would be very similar to the ffmpeg-based Videoplayer. Just Converting stuff (=encoding), not for decoding stuff. Ever wanted to encode 100 videos at once? Now you could do it. Or encode 1000 MP3s at once. Assuming each MP3 is 5 Mbytes, you could encode ~1000 MP3s at once (at once, not one-by-one). E.g. into .Wav or into other generic formats you want/need.
4) Theoretical own WiiU-OS (i want to call it "Revolution Plus OS"). Only theoretical idea for now since i learned how to create drivers now. This of course would only be considered to be done, when the WiiU`s OS can be finally replaced with any other OS you want. SO there must be hardware-support for this first. But we are coming closer to replacing the WiiU´s OS finally. In a few years we might be able to replace it, without the machine crashing on start.

5) Multi-Conversion-Tool which only this machine can do (uses Supercomputing-abiliy). This means you can convert nearly ANY FORMAT into any other format. E.g. convert 10000 .xls-Excel-Files into .Txt or convert a WHOLE hdd with files you specified into a whole hdd with completely NEW formats you specified each file for. Example: Let`s say you have old save-files with big-endian support. This machine and this program would allow you to manipulate these files (converting it) into hundreds of different formats to run them on any other machine´s format. So it would worke like an own AI. Except this AI does not run on a GPU. This runs on a very powerful processor instead, which allows it to do a lot more than any GPU can ever do. So e.g. convert stuff, you CANNOT convert on a PC into any other machine-format you want.
6) Multi-Encryption/Decryption-tool. This would allow you to ENCRYPT or decrypt all hdds you have. Yes, you could decrpyt or encrypt whole hdds. E.g. you have a hdd encrypted with "Truecrypt" or "Veracrypt"? Sorry, but this machine can CRACK this code and decrypt your hdd, assuming you have lost the key to unlock the encryption.
7) Compiling-tool. Allows you to compile any application you want with 100s or thousands of supported formats and tools combined. So you cannot only compile WiiU-formats such as "RPX" or "RPL" or "Wuhb" etc, but this powerful Multiplatform Multi-Compiler would also allow you to compile any foreign format´s machine-code, such as for old ARM-cpus or for more modern ones, or for dotzens of other types of processors such as for Apple`s M1/M2/M3 or AMDs or Intels x86/X64 (or future iterations). It would be the world´s most-powerful and efficient compiler. It would compile the most-complex files such as browsers in just ~30 seconds, where other machines take hours, days or even a week for it.

All these projects will not make use of the WiiU´s AMD Radeon-GPU and instead all run on SOFTWARE rendering only, since using the AMD Radeon GPU would be contra-productive to use (you induce too much latency if you use it, which hinders your execution-speed).

Other projects: GTA III WiiU Optimized (patch/mod, nearly done)
